hello welcome today is some video from
that I have in my purse, he asked me for a
subscriber and good a little kiss for her
and the bag that I have this week is this
the prime art with marine motifs me
It cost 13 euros
from last season
has some ornaments here
things
and a big week I get hung up
and good to tell you before everything that I
I wear nothing makeup is worth only
I have an ethical lipstick that is 286
a brown tone cited very nice for bam
bam and q
and good as it does here so much with toledo
Well now I only wear a lip gloss
and like a lot of mascara
Well, we are starting to take things out
of the bag in the first place as
keys to my house that will surely get
they have been seen I have the same keychains that
forever
later in summer especially I carry a
fan I have this little pink of
flea market that put one euro
in passing a lot variation
also carries a purse that is from
the sphere complements
where he took money loose good I have
salary
after a minimum cease
inside I have a vaseline a blush I have
also a pen a pillbox
a little mirror
yell a lime a kleenex
and it is already
it seems that boy but they fit enough
things and I always carry my
white purse
we go
it's quite comfortable, many cards fit
and what I have been using for
many months I have not changed it and I
love
my baby also came down
meets the practice of eroski
the moraditas
especially in summer I wear a glasses
Sun
is the prime art and it will cost me two
euros and I'm giving him a lot of profit
and a montería they take a lot and came
with this melt
also carries in almost all bags
less done
the anti rubbing of deliplus
that is already in the middle I love
the bag, maybe
came a gloss every week took one
this week has touched this one that charged me
Chille so that I really like is
very natural and I bring you here in your bag
my ipad also arrived but my ipod ipad
or ipod that I have here
to this area
in purple I love purple
a foundry
cappa
I have my cell phone that as you know I have not
so changed about the buy a fundita
is the samsung onix
and has this detail that my
class friend
what do many things do
with his hands and this hand made of it
finally he took the keys to the
box office of the work that I take it in
this keychain so cute
and we have already finished apart sometimes
I also carry a notebook
little one and a tree and just in case
some idea occurs to me for so much
channel or things of my life for the tip
so I do not forget and that's all
I hope you liked it and if you want
I do what I carry in my bag but
in the little me what you say it I
I'm delighted to make the video and good
I kiss and see you in the next up
then